# Pointer Filter Plugin

* Version: 0.1.0
* Type: Input
* Author: Benjamin D. Richards for Kiwi.js Team
* Website: www.kiwijs.org
* Kiwi.js Version Last Tested: 1.1.1

## Versions

0.1.0
- Plugin created

## Files/Folders
README.md	 - This readme file.
.gitignore	 - General gitignore stuff.
gruntfile.js - Build file
package.json - Node packages required for the grunt build along with information for the gruntfile to use when building.
docs/		 - Documentation generated by yuidocs.
examples/	 - Examples of the in-app purchase plugin in action.
src/		 - The source files for the plugin.

## Description

This plugin allows you to filter inputs in your [KiwiJS](http://www.kiwijs.org) games.

## How to Use

Download the plugin repo from [GitHub](). Get the plugin file from `src/pointer-filter-[version].js`, or the minified file from `src/pointer-filter-[version].min.js`. You may wish to place this in a `plugins` folder to keep your project neat.

Load the plugin file in your html, after loading KiwiJS but before your game.

```html
<script src="js/lib/kiwi.js"></script>
<script src="js/plugins/pointer-filter-0.1.0.js"></script>
<script src="js/myGame.js"></script>
```

Within your game, create a `Kiwi.Plugins.PointerFilter.PointerFilter` object. We suggest you do this in the `create` method of a state, as the object requires the game to be booted in order to access all necessary data. We also suggest you attach the object to the game, rather than a state, as you may lose direct access to the object after a state transition.

```js
// This PointerFilter targets the mouse, which is pointer 10
this.game.pointerFilterMouse = new Kiwi.Plugins.PointerFilter.PointerFilter(
	this.game.input.pointers[ 10 ] );
```

You may define filters using empty functions on the PointerFilter object. Once you have defined your filters, you may activate them by setting the respective flag to `true`. Note that you must define the filter before setting the flag, or it will not execute. Whenever you set the flag to true, it will read the current filter method.

Your filter should have an `event` parameter. This contains mutable versions all the normal mouse event values. However, it is easiest to use the `x` and `y` properties we have provided; these map directly to the game area.

```js
// Add a filter
this.game.pointerFilterMouse.onMove = function( event ) {
	event.x = this.game.stage.width - event.x;
	event.y = this.game.stage.height - event.y;
};
this.game.pointerFilterMouse.filterMove = true;

// Disable the filter
this.game.pointerFilterMouse.filterMove = false;
```

A note on scope: Filters execute on the Pointer object. The object has a `this.game` property which can access your game object and other parts of the code.

### Available Filters

You may filter on **move**, **start**, **stop**, and **wheel** events. These have the following flags:

* `filterMove`
* `filterStart`
* `filterStop`
* `filterWheel`

And the following methods:

* `onMove`
* `onStart`
* `onStop`
* `onWheel`

Note that wheel events only occur on a mouse.

## Thank You

We hope you enjoy this plugin. If you have any questions, suggestions, or bugs, please contact us at [www.kiwijs.org](http://www.kiwijs.org).
